---
layout: post 
title: "Pioneering GenAI for product development"
blog_url: https://www.atlassian.com/whitepapers/pioneering-gen-ai-for-product-development?utm_source=tldr&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_campaign=P:twc*O:clm*F:awareness*C:gated-pdf*H:fy26q2*I:tldr-ai-oct15*&amp;utm_sfdc-campaign_id=701QB00000WTd6nYAD 
---



## Key Points

Vodafone successfully implemented Atlassian Rovo to enhance product development with GenAI, improving efficiency, creativity, and delivering measurable value.
The implementation led to increased productivity, improved quality, and better overall lead time in activities like epics creation, work breakdown, and backlog management.
The case study provides insights into accelerating software time to market and boosting ROI through successful proofs of concept.
Key strategies include aligning objectives, maintaining open communication for successful POCs, and leveraging AI to empower teams to focus on high-value tasks.

## Key Topics Discussed

Atlassian Rovo enabled Vodafone to successfully implement GenAI for product development, demonstrating significant enhancements in efficiency, creativity, and measurable value within challenging timelines and organizational structures. The case study reveals how Vodafone improved productivity and quality, and achieved better overall lead time through activities such as epics creation, work breakdown, and backlog management, thereby transforming product development workflows. This showcases how engineering teams can accelerate software time to market and boost ROI through successful proofs of concept. Key takeaways emphasize how to replicate Vodafone's success in enhancing product development workflows, the importance of aligning objectives and open communication for successful POCs, and strategies for leveraging AI to empower teams to concentrate on high-value tasks and effective implementation.

